so today I'll be unboxing the head Mouse
- or the OCZ Nia neural impulse actuator
+ I actually don't know much about this
yet but I am about to hopefully learn a
little something about it now I do know
about the original Nia the original Nia
used your basically your brainwaves
facial expressions eye movements all
that kind of stuff to translate into
game control or just general PC control
camera man also wants me to mention we
have NCIX lanyards coming soon these are
pretty sweet I actually already grabbed
one for myself here so I've switched
over my old lanyard to the new ncx
lanyard so why don't we just have a look
at what's on the back of the box here
and it looks like they say pretty much
what I already said so you can
concentrate that I turn it into keyboard
and mouse controls new levels of gaming
not previously possible they tout it as
a way to heighten the response time for
intense games so you can have a thought
faster than you can have a thought and
then press a button is the theory okay
they say it doesn't take a whole lot of
time I've never actually used the
original Nia or this one yet but I will
take some time to use this thing and see
what I think of it honestly the whole
thing sounded like a gimmick to me and
when they said well we'll send you one I
said okay and I'm gonna approach this
with an open mind because you know what
I've been surprised by stranger things
being better than I thought
in the past so here we are it comes out
of its little sleeve and then it's a
white box which comes open somehow there
we are
oh that's actually a pretty nice
presentation look at that okay so
there's a piece of paper inside please
read okay thank you for participate all
this is probably not for this is
probably not for end-users
pre-release version of these so
something something something updated
biometric scan suite there's a bunch of
new software that's going with
neiha plus rather than the old Nia so
that's pretty good
and then hopefully I'll be able to give
you a lot more details on this once I
have a chance to go through this thing
and actually test it so why don't we
have a look at the included stuff in the
box first we have the Nia unit itself
okay so this has kind of a brushed
aluminum thing it's got some dust on it
but no big deal it has kind of like a
curvy shape to it varied space-age
looking I suppose its uses a USB
interface and that looks like a reset
switch in the back here let's go around
to the front that is the end link so I'm
assuming that's how it plugs into the
headband and then up on the top we've
got our Nia branding again little
brushed aluminum box it's quite heavy
actually so there's gotta be something
inside there there's your ocz branding
on the top there's my serial number the
warranty is void if you remove that or
that alright so there's the Nia unit
itself and here is the headband it's
quite flexible now they say it's one
size fits all but I guess that remains
to be seen and I'm gonna wait to click
that on so we're gonna show you the
other accessories first off this is just
a USB cable and this is the Nia software
pre-release version so it's on just a CD
with a paper printed thing on it so I'm
guessing the retail one will come with a
proper CD oh this is cool this looks
like little tentacles coming out of the
back of your head so it's like this
thing is like an alien or something so
hold on there's gotta be instructions or
something okay okay bear with me because
I'm gonna try and figure out how to wear
the headband if you are a beginner do
this do that
nope nothing they actually do not tell
you how to put it on so it must be
really easy then it must just be a
matter of just putting it on this thing
that's really weird actually it's kind
of a Care let's just like look at the
unit itself so it's got kind of a
rubbery nough stu it okay and it's quite
soft and sort of spongy feeling there's
uh okay there's two oh here here this
may be like pre-release hardware so
might not be the actual fit and finish
of it but basically there's a cord going
in there in fact I can pretty much
guarantee that
not finalized fit and finish but
hopefully it has all the functionality
and then that ends in your little end
link there so that'll come out this way
and then here are the little pads that
make contact with your head so that's
what reads your your brainwaves and
translates that into something that your
computer can understand and then yeah so
why don't we go ahead and put this on so
it has to make direct contact with your
skin
in all likelihood okay you just press
this little button here and you pull the
tentacles out in order to expand the
headband apparently I have a larger head
than anyone at OCC was expecting okay
and it goes on just like that and the
camera man's got a big old smile on his
face he thinks this is funny
yeah well laugh it up maybe you'll be
trying the NIA next cameraman okay thank
you for checking out my unboxing of the
OCZ Nia plus a head mouse or like
headcrab and so head something anyway
yes that's it thank you for checking out
my video blog subscribe if you want to
see more about the NIA